Improve BSpline related files and docs (#7672)
iTwin/itwinjs-core: docs/learning/geometry/BSpline.md

# BSpline Curves

A `BSplineCurve3d` (or `BSplineCurve3dH`) is a curve that (loosely) follows a sequence of control points (poles).

Internally, the curve is a sequence of polynomial curves that join together smoothly. Call each of those separate pieces a _span_.

A BSpline curve of order `k+1` (degree `k`) is defined by:
$$
S(t) = \sum_{i=0}^{n} N_{i,k}(t) P_i

> $$

Reviewer: FYI, when I [preview](https://github.com/iTwin/itwinjs-core/blob/c8a78bd667fb59422d1f2d838e44ae248543cd52/docs/learning/geometry/BSpline.md) this file, GitHub isn't turning this into equations. I don't know why that is, since [this](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/writing-on-github/working-with-advanced-formatting/writing-mathematical-expressions) page claims that it should work.

Author: I changed `$$` to ` ```math ` and now GitHub renders latex as expected

https://github.com/iTwin/itwinjs-core/blob/de3dffbcd938b339c55a15ff09b24b3ed922e4ed/docs/learning/geometry/BSpline.md

where $P_0$, $P_1$, ..., $P_n$ are `n+1` control points and $N_{i,k}(t)$ are the basis functions defined by the *Cox-de Boor Recursion Formula*:

```math
N_{i,0}(x) =
\begin{cases}
1 & \text{if } t_i \leq t < t_{i+1} \\
0 & \text{otherwise}
\end{cases}
```
```math
N_{i,j}(t) = \frac{t - t_i}{t_{i+j} - t_i} N_{i,j-1}(t) + \frac{t_{i+j+1} - t}{t_{i+j+1} - t_{i+1}} N_{i+1,j-1}(t)
```
`t_i`s are called the knots. The basis functions can be written as a triangular scheme:
```math
\begin{array}{ccccccc}
N_{0,0}(t) \rightarrow & N_{0,1}(t)	\rightarrow & \cdots & N_{0,k-1}(t) \rightarrow &  N_{0,k}(t) \\
N_{1,0}(t) \rightarrow & N_{1,1}(t)	\rightarrow & \cdots & N_{1,k-1}(t) \\
\vdots & \vdots \\
N_{n-1,0}(t) 	\rightarrow & N_{n-1,1}(t) \\
N_{n,0}(t)
\end{array}
```

Please note that we always have:

>               order + number of control points = number of knots + 2

Author: yes, I tried to add diagonal arrows but could not find a way to show it cleanly so gave up!

>               order + number of control points = number of knots + 2

Reviewer 2: Also remove the out-of-place, "Please note... number of knots + 2".

- Direction (first derivative) is continuous at each span change (circles).
- The concavity (second derivative) changes abruptly at each span change (circles).
  - This concavity change is not always visually obvious.
  - These curves are not as smooth as your eye thinks.
- There are no concavity changes within any single span.
- Clamping (2 identical knots at start, 2 identical knots at end) makes the curve pass through the end control points and point at neighbors.

![>](./figs/BCurves/order3.png)

## Example: Order 4 (cubic) bspline curve

- An order 4 bspline curve has degree 3, i.e., is piecewise cubic.
- The curve does _not_ pass through the control points (dark).
- The curve does _not_ pass through particular points of the polygon edges.
- Span changes (circles) are generally "off the polygon".
- Direction and concavity are both continuous at span changes.
- There can be one concavity change within a span.
- Clamping (3 identical knots at start, 3 identical knots at end) makes the curve pass through the end control points and point at neighbors.

![>](./figs/BCurves/order4.png)

> ## Example: Order 5 (quartic) bspline curve
> 
> - An order 5 bspline curve has degree 4, i.e., is piecewise quartic.
> - The curve does _not_ pass through the control points (dark).
> - The curve does _not_ pass through particular points of the polygon edges.
> - Span changes (circles) are generally "off the polygon".
> - Direction, concavity, and third derivative are all continuous at span changes.
> - There can be two concavity change within a span.
> - Clamping (4 identical knots at start, 4 identical knots at end) makes the curve pass the end control points and point at neighbors.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Example: Order 5 (quartic) B-spline curve

- Degree is 4, i.e., the curve is piecewise quartic.
- The black dots in the figure refer to control points; the circles refer to points where the spans join.
- The curve does _not_ pass through the control points.
- The curve does _not_ pass through particular points of the control polygon.
- The spans join at points off the control polygon.
- There can be at most two concavity changes within a span.
- Specifics for this example:
  - Knot vector (clamped, normalized, uniform): `[0,0,0,0, 1/3, 2/3, 1,1,1,1]`.
  - This curve interpolates the first and last points and tangent directions of its control polygon because its knot vector is clamped.
  - This curve has 2 interior knots and therefore 3 spans.
  - This curve has continuous first, second, and third derivatives where the spans join because its interior knots are simple.
```
